README.md, before:

# Computational Algebra I
_Computational Algebra I_ is a course for teaching Algebra I using Python programming to explore applications of the math concepts. 

This repo includes the base materials necessary to teach the class.

## Getting started

To get started, you can  review [the curruculum](./Curriculum/ComputationalAlgebra.pdf) which I wrote as my masters thesis. 

Next, you can click the "Code" button above and "Download ZIP" (if you are familiar with git, you can also clone the repository). This will download all of the materials for the course.


## Materials List
All the materials can be found in the `Computational Algebra Materials` folder. Anything in pdf form is also available in docx form. 
<ul>
    <li>7 Math Quizzes and Solutions
        <ul>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 1: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz1.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz1_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 2: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz2.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz2_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 3: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz3.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz3_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 4: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz4.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz4_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 5: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz5.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz5_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 6: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz6.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz6_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz7.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz7_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>7 Programming Quizzes and Solutions
        <ul>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 1: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz1.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz1_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 2: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz2.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz2_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 3: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz3.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz3_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 4: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz4.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz4_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 5: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz5.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz5_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 6: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz6.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz6_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz7.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz7_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>7 Base Files for Math and Programming Labs that will
    walk students through the application of the programming
    and math concepts being covered
        <ul>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab1.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 1</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab2.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 2</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab3.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 3</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab4.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 4</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab5.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 5</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab6.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 6</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab7.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 7</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>The problems, solutions and teacher materials for 8
    lessons. Note that two more are included but are for class
    sessions with quizzes.
        <ul>
            <li>Unit 1 Lesson 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit1Lesson7.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit1Lesson7_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 2 Lesson 11: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit2Lesson11.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit2Lesson11_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 3 Lesson 6: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit3Lesson6.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit3Lesson6_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 4 Lesson 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit4Lesson7_TEACHER.ipynb">
                Teacher File</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 4 Lesson 9: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit4Lesson9.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit4Lesson9_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 5 Lesson 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit5Lesson7_STUDENTHANDOUT.pdf">
                Student Handout</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit5Lesson7_TEACHER.ipynb">
                Teacher File</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 5 Lesson 9: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit5Lesson9.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit5Lesson9_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 6 Lesson 9 Days 1-2: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit6Lesson9_STUDENTHANDOUT.pdf">
                Student Handout</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit6Lesson9_HANDOUT_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 6 Lesson 9 Day 3: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit6Lesson9_day3.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit6Lesson9_day3_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>

Commit message:

Added the abstract to the readme

README.md, after:

# Computational Algebra I
_Computational Algebra I_ is a course for teaching Algebra I using Python programming to explore applications of the math concepts. This repo includes the base materials necessary to teach the class.


## Abstract

_Computational Algebra I_ teaches Algebra I while providing students with a foundation in computer programming. As students learn about the typical Algebra I mathematical concepts, they will apply their knowledge by solving real-world problems with programming. The curriculum is designed to align with the state of Maryland Algebra I standards and closely follows the Illustrative Mathematics curriculum. As such, the course is targeted towards mixed-grade or single-grade classes with students years 7th and 9th grade for an entire academic term of 180 school days. The curriculum design uniquely uses programming as one of the primary methods for solving problems related to math concepts, which has become an essential and ubiquitous tool in modern science technology engineering and math (STEM) fields, including biology, astronomy, and geology. The course uses the Python language as it is the most common programming language used in scientific programming. By using programming in the Algebra I course, students will develop essential skills in applied math, programming, critical thinking, and problem solving that they can use throughout their high school math and professional careers.

## Getting started

To get started, you can  review [the curruculum](./Curriculum/ComputationalAlgebra.pdf) which I wrote as my masters thesis. 

Next, you can click the "Code" button above and "Download ZIP" (if you are familiar with git, you can also clone the repository). This will download all of the materials for the course.


## Materials List
All the materials can be found in the `Computational Algebra Materials` folder. Anything in pdf form is also available in docx form. 
<ul>
    <li>7 Math Quizzes and Solutions
        <ul>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 1: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz1.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz1_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 2: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz2.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz2_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 3: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz3.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz3_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 4: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz4.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz4_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 5: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz5.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz5_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 6: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz6.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz6_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Math Mini Quiz 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/MathMiniQuiz7.pdf">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/MathMiniQuizzes/Solutions/MathMiniQuiz7_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>7 Programming Quizzes and Solutions
        <ul>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 1: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz1.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz1_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 2: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz2.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz2_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 3: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz3.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz3_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 4: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz4.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz4_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 5: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz5.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz5_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 6: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz6.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz6_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
            <li>Programming Mini Quiz 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/ProgrammingMiniQuiz7.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/ProgrammingMiniQuizes/Answers/ProgrammingMiniQuiz7_ANSWER.ipynb">
                Solution</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>7 Base Files for Math and Programming Labs that will
    walk students through the application of the programming
    and math concepts being covered
        <ul>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab1.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 1</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab2.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 2</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab3.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 3</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab4.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 4</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab5.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 5</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab6.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 6</a>
            </li>
            <li>
                <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/Labs/Lab7.ipynb">
                Math and Programming Lab 7</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
    <li>The problems, solutions and teacher materials for 8
    lessons. Note that two more are included but are for class
    sessions with quizzes.
        <ul>
            <li>Unit 1 Lesson 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit1Lesson7.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit1Lesson7_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 2 Lesson 11: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit2Lesson11.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit2Lesson11_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 3 Lesson 6: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit3Lesson6.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit3Lesson6_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 4 Lesson 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit4Lesson7_TEACHER.ipynb">
                Teacher File</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 4 Lesson 9: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit4Lesson9.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit4Lesson9_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 5 Lesson 7: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit5Lesson7_STUDENTHANDOUT.pdf">
                Student Handout</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit5Lesson7_TEACHER.ipynb">
                Teacher File</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 5 Lesson 9: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit5Lesson9.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit5Lesson9_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 6 Lesson 9 Days 1-2: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit6Lesson9_STUDENTHANDOUT.pdf">
                Student Handout</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit6Lesson9_HANDOUT_SOLUTION.pdf">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
            <li>Unit 6 Lesson 9 Day 3: <a href=
            "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit6Lesson9_day3.ipynb">
                Questions</a>, <a href=
                "https://github.com/TonyTerrasa/computational-algebra-1/blob/main/Computational%20Algebra%20Materials/LessonPlanMaterials/Unit6Lesson9_day3_SOLUTION.ipynb">
                Answers</a>
            </li>
        </ul>
    </li>
</ul>
